doc: known_issues: Add new issues in bluetooth samples. (#7930)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

Bluetooth® LE
=============

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0

> NCSDK-15527: Advertising in :ref:`peripheral_hr_coded` and scanning in :ref:`bluetooth_central_hr_coded` cannot be started when using the SW Split Link Layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-15527: Advertising in the :ref:`peripheral_hr_coded` sample and scanning in the :ref:`bluetooth_central_hr_coded` sample cannot be started when using the SW Split Link Layer.
```

  The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_ADV_EXT` option required by these samples is disabled by default in the SW Split Link Layer.

  **Workaround:** Enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_ADV_EXT` option in the project configuration file (:file:`prj.conf`).

  .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0

NCSDK-15229: Incorrect peer's throughput calculation in the :ref:`ble_throughput` sample.

>   The peer's measured throughput is understated because it includes a delay, where no data transfer is done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The peer's measured throughput is understated because it includes a delay, during which there is no data transfer.
```

Author: fixed

>   **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply commit with fix from main (commit hash: ``2ea62e3ac5c8164046643cf13e45b808d3ebab43``).

Author: DNM till https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/7886 is merged so correct SHA can be put here.
